
**[SCENARIO BASED EXPLORATORY TESTING REPORT FOR MONEFY MOBILE
APPLICATION]**

**[Test Charter 1: Application Installation on Android]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 Minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check if the application installs correctly on
    Android software smartphone and after the installation is completed,
    the application can be opened properly.

-   **Priority:** High, because this is the most basic feature which a
    customer would perform to begin using an application.

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:** User visits the play store and searches for the Monefy
    application. After installation is done, user tries to open the
    application manually with icon click and checks if the application
    launches.

-   **Findings:**

Application installed without any issues and user is able to launch the
application as per the expectation.

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 2: Application Uninstallation on Android]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 Minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the application is installed on
    Android smartphone, the application can be uninstalled properly.

-   **Priority:** High, because this would be the most basic feature
    which a customer would perform to remove an application.

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:** User tries to uninstall the application to see if it can
    be removed from the phone successfully.

-   **Findings:**

Application can be removed by simply uninstalling as per the expectation
of the user.

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 3: Application Installation after Uninstallation on
Android]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 5 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the application is uninstalled on
    Android smartphone, the application can be re-installed properly.

-   **Priority:** High, because this forms one of the basic
    functionalities of the application usage where many users due to
    space issues try to re-install the applications

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:** User uninstall the application to see if it can be
    removed from the phone successfully. Then, again visits the download
    page to install the application. User tries to re-launch the
    application after re-installation.

-   **Findings:**

Application can be installed again by simply process of downloading the
application as per the expectation of the user.

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 4: Application Navigation to the Homepage via No
Claim]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the application is installed on
    Android smartphone, the application can be navigated to homepage.

-   **Priority:** High, because after the user installs an application,
    the main usage of the application starts with basic homepage journey

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User installs the application. User clicks on the Button Get
    Started, navigates to the "Amazing Button" screen and selects "I'm
    ready button" to navigate forward.

2)  User clicks on the "X" button the Top to avoid the claim offer of
    trial usage process.

3)  User is navigated to the Homepage

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Homepage successfully when one selects
the "X" button of no claim choice.

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 5: Application Navigation to the Homepage via
Claim]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the application is installed on
    Android smartphone, the application can be navigates to homepage.

-   **Priority:** High, because after the user installs an application,
    the main usage of the application starts with basic homepage journey

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User installs the application. User clicks on the Button Get
    Started, navigates to the "Amazing Button" screen and selects "I'm
    ready button" to navigate forward.

2)  User clicks on the "Claim My offer" button the Top to use the claim
    offer of trial process.

3)  User is navigated to the Payment section to select the Upcoming
    Charges

4)  User deselects the Payment, if not required, and navigates to home
    page via "X"

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Homepage successfully when one selects
the "X" button after checking the price of the subscription Payment.

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 6: Restore Button invisibility on the way to Home
Screen]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if there are no purchases done by a user,
    "Restore" button should not be enabled for the user

-   **Priority:** High, because restoration of subscription is linked to
    Payments which can directly impact Business

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User installs the application. User clicks on the Button Get
    Started, navigates to the "Amazing Button" screen and selects "I'm
    ready button" to navigate forward.

2)  User clicks on the "Claim My offer" button the Top to use the claim
    offer of trial process.

3)  User is unable to select Restore at the bottom of the page without
    any payments completed.

-   **Findings:**

User is unable to select the restore button as expected when there are
no payments in place.

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 7: Check if the All-Accounts Section is visible on the
Home Page]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, All
    Accounts section is displayed

-   **Priority:** High, because this is the main functionality of the
    application to show and manage the accounts for tracking

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to see "All Accounts" for Balance information

-   **Findings:**

User is able to see the "All Accounts" section as required

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 8: Check if the Balance is available on the Home
Page]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Balance
    value with Currency symbol is displayed

-   **Priority:** High, because this is the main functionality of the
    application to show the balance for tracking

-   **Data:** NA (Can be added as per the test requirement to see the
    updates)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to see Balance information with correct currency symbol

-   **Findings:**

User is able to see the Balance section as required

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 9: Check if the Expense and Income are available on the
Home Page]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Expense
    and Income sections are displayed

-   **Priority:** High, because expense and incomes are essential for
    balance maintenance and tracking purpose

-   **Data:** NA (Can be added as per the test requirement to see the
    updates)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to see Expense and Income

-   **Findings:**

User is able to see the Expense and Income sections as required

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 10: Check if the Expense and Income redirect to their
sections when selected by the user]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Expense
    and Income sections are displayed and can be selected to navigate to
    respective sections

-   **Priority:** High, because user is required to enter the expenses
    and income for tracing their budget requirements as per their usage

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Expense and Income on selections

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Expense and Income sections as required

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 11: Check if the user is able to enter amount using
numerics in Expense Section with a Alphanumeric Note with a proper
Category]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 4 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Expense
    section is selected by the user, and one is able to enter the
    expense amount only in numbers and a note which can be alphanumeric
    with an expense category

-   **Priority:** Medium, because user should be able to enter expense
    in numeric and note can take multiple characters which is not
    crucial with respect to secure working while Category can be any of
    usage

-   **Data:** Expense: 10000, Note: ABC12, Category: Any (Clothes, ref.)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Expense selection

3)  User enter the expense with a category of expenditure and a note in
    alphanumeric mode

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Expense section and can enter the
required details as needed

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 12: Check if the Expense modifications done by the user
is getting reflected on the Homepage with correct Category and Balance
information]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 5 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Expense
    section is selected by the user, and one is able to enter the
    expense amount only in numbers and a note which can be alphanumeric
    with an expense category. After that, user is able to see the
    balance reflected with category on the homepage

-   **Priority:** High, because user should be able to view the updated
    balance on the changes done in expense section

-   **Data:** Expense: 10000, Note: ABC12, Category: Any (Clothes, ref.)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Expense selection

3)  User enter the expense with a category of expenditure and a note in
    alphanumeric mode

4)  User checks the balance update and the category selected

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and can view the
required balance as needed with correct category details

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 13: Check if the Expense modifications done by the user
is getting reflected on the Homepage with correct Category and Balance
information -- Multiple Categories with Percentage Check]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 5 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Expense
    section is selected by the user, and one is able to enter the
    expense amount only in numbers and a note which can be alphanumeric
    with an expense category. After that, user returns to Home Page and
    selects the Expense again to choose another category expense and
    returns to the Home Page

-   **Priority:** Medium, because this time the percentage check is
    being done for different categories which have to be reflected as an
    additional functionality

-   **Data:** Expense: 10000, Note: ABC12, Category: Any (Clothes,
    ref.) + Expense: 1500, Note: XYZ, Category: Any (Communications,
    ref.)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Expense selection

3)  User enters the expense with a category of expenditure and a note in
    alphanumeric mode two times

4)  User checks the balance update and the category selected with
    percentage views for respective categories

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and can view the
required percentage of the categories as needed with correct category
details

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 14: Check if Expense as 0 is Accepted]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user after navigating to the
    Expense section is able to enter Amount as "0"

-   **Priority:** Low, because Even if the 0 is allowed, it would not
    cause any major issue with respect to the tracking as calculation
    would not accept it as a segregation

-   **Data:** Expense: 0, Note: ABC12, Category: Any (Clothes, ref.)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Expense selection

3)  User enters the expense as 0 a note in alphanumeric mode

4)  User clicks the Choose Category, and it should not allow to select
    any category

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and updates the
Expense as 0 when the Category click is not allowed because of invalid
expense value

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 15: Check if Expense and Income sections have proper
Calendars for Date selection]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if Date can be selected while entering
    income or expense in their respective sections

-   **Priority:** Medium, because for a tracker to have proper budget
    timelines and durations, there should be a date selector for proper
    tracking purpose.

-   **Data:** Any Date

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Expense and Income selection

3)  User selects any Date of Expense or Income

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and can update the
values of Date with help of the calendar

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 16: Check if the user is able to enter amount using
numerics in Income Section with a Alphanumeric Note with a proper
Category]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 4 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Income
    section is selected by the user, and one is able to enter the income
    amount only in numbers and a note which can be alphanumeric with an
    income category

-   **Priority:** Medium, because user should be able to enter income in
    numeric and note can take multiple characters which is not crucial
    with respect to secure working while Category can be any of usage

-   **Data:** Expense: 10000, Note: ABC12, Category: Any (Deposits,
    ref.)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Income selection

3)  User enters the income with a category of choice and a note in
    alphanumeric mode

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Income section and can enter the
required details as needed

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 17: Check if the Income modifications done by the user
is getting reflected on the Homepage with correct Category and Balance
information]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 5 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that after the home page is loaded, Income
    section is selected by the user, and one is able to enter the income
    amount only in numbers and a note which can be alphanumeric with an
    income category. After that, user is able to see the balance
    reflected with category on the homepage

-   **Priority:** High, because user should be able to view the updated
    balance on the changes done in income section

-   **Data:** Expense: 10000, Note: ABC12, Category: Any (Deposits,
    ref.)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Income selection

3)  User enter the expense with a category of income and a note in
    alphanumeric mode

4)  User checks the balance update and the category selected

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and can view the
required balance as needed with correct category details

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 18: Check if Income as 0 is Accepted]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user after navigating to the
    Income section is able to enter Amount as "0"

-   **Priority:** Low, because Even if the 0 is allowed, it would not
    cause any major issue with respect to the tracking as calculation
    would not accept it as a segregation

-   **Data:** Expense: 0, Note: ABC12, Category: Any (Deposits, ref.)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Income selection

3)  User enters the income as 0 a note in alphanumeric mode

4)  User clicks the Choose Category, and it should not allow to select
    any category

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and updates the Income
as 0 when the Category click is not allowed because of invalid income
value

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 19: Check if Income and Expense Sections have Cash and
Payment Card as options]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the income and expenses can be in the
    form of cash or payment cards for selection

-   **Priority:** Medium, because they would be entered as numeric
    without any changes. They are required for additional tracking
    functionality

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User is able to navigate to Income and Expense sections

3)  User tries to change mode to payment card or cash as per requirement

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and updates the type
of expense or income in form of card or cash

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 20: Check if Balance Selection on Home Page shows
different forms of entered expenses and incomes by the user as Green and
Red]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the income and expenses can be checked
    as a list in the Balance click

-   **Priority:** High, because this lists all the entered expenses and
    the incomes which have been entered by the user for tracking purpose
    and used for all the calculations

-   **Data:** Expense and Income entered by User

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on Balance

3)  User is able to see the income in Green and Expenses in Red colour

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to view
all the entered expenses and income details in Balance section

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 20: Check if Balance Selection on Home Page shows
different categories of entered expenses and incomes by the user]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the income and expenses can be checked
    as a list of categories in the Balance click

-   **Priority:** High, because this lists all the categories of entered
    expenses and the incomes which have been entered by the user for
    tracking purpose

-   **Data:** Categories entered by the User

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on Balance

3)  User is able to see the categories entered by the User in the
    Balance view

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to view
all the entered expenses and income categories in Balance section

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 21: Check if Balance Selection on Home Page shows
different categories which can be selected for the Date of
Expense/Income]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the income and expenses Dates can be
    checked when a type of form is selected

-   **Priority:** High, because this is the Date view which is extremely
    important for the user to keep a track of income and expenses

-   **Data:** Date entered by the User

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on Balance

3)  User is able to see Date on the selection of any of the Expenses or
    Incomes

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to view
all the Dates on the click of Income/Expense

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 22: Check if Balance Selection on Home Page has a view
for Date and Income/Expenditure as Design]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if Balance view page has view display in
    two forms of Date and the income/expenditure design on click of
    right side button

-   **Priority:** Low, because this is based on the design view and does
    not impact the functionality of the application

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on Balance

3)  User is able to view display in two different forms as Date view and
    balance view

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to view in
two different forms as Date view and balance view

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 23: Check if User is able to add Income and reduce
Expense via the Balance page as well]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 4 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if user is able to add income or reduce
    expense on the balance page itself

-   **Priority:** Low, because this functionality can be achieved in
    home page as well and can be observed as add on design enhancement

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on Balance

3)  User is able to add income and reduce expense on the Balance page
    itself

-   **Findings:**

4)  User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to add
    income and reduce expense on the Balance page itself

**Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 24: Check if the All-Accounts Navigation on the Home
Page shows different views on basis of different Intervals like Date,
Month, etc.]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 4 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the navigation of all accounts lists
    different kinds of time range intervals on selection

-   **Priority:** Medium, because this lists the time range of the
    account balance on the basis of Date entered by the user which can
    be manipulated with choice of Date as well

-   **Data:** Expense/Income Date Entered by the User, E.g., 2^nd^ June
    2022

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on navigation symbol on top left

3)  User is able to see different intervals and is able to select them
    to view balance on the specific view selection

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able view
different time ranges in the left hand panel of the all accounts section

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 25: Check if the All-Accounts Navigation on the Home
Page shows different views on basis of Payment Modes]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the navigation of all accounts lists
    different kinds of Payment modes on selection

-   **Priority:** High, because this lists the mode of payment of the
    account balance which is important aspect of the application where
    tracking is required on basis of spending type

-   **Data:** Payment Mode (Card/Cash)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on navigation symbol on top left

3)  User is able to see different payment modes to view the Balance on
    the basis of the card/cash view.

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able view
different payment modes in the left hand panel of the all accounts
section

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 26: Check if the User is able to select a category on
the Home Page to enter Expense]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 4 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to add an expense via
    the home page category selection directly

-   **Priority:** Low, because this is an add on functionality on the
    top of the adding category via the expense/income functionality
    sections

-   **Data:** Date, Expense (Numeric), Note (ABCD)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on a category of choice to enter the expense

3)  User is able to enter the expense on the category selection

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to enter
the expense on the category selection directly

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 27: Check if the User is able to enter an Expense/Income
without any form of Note]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to add an
    expense/income without a specific note

-   **Priority:** Low, adding a note or not adding a note won't impact
    the user experience or the functionality of application

-   **Data:** Date, Expense (Numeric), Note (Empty)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on a category of choice to enter the expense

3)  User is able to enter the expense on the category selection without
    any kind of note

4)  User visits Income section for entering the income value without
    notes

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to enter
the expense/income without note addition as well

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 28: Check if the User is able to Search an
expense/Income via search button on the top of the application]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to search for an
    expense/income incurred

-   **Priority:** Low, this functionality is an add on to the added
    expense/income to a category by the user, thus does not impact the
    functionality of the system

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the search icon on the top

3)  User is able to search for the incurred expense/income

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to search
the expense/income which have been entered by the user

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 29: Check if the User is unable to Search an
expense/Income via search button on the top of the application (For new
category)]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to search for an
    expense/income not incurred

-   **Priority:** Low, this functionality is an add on to the added
    expense/income to a category by the user, thus does not impact the
    functionality of the system

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the search icon on the top

3)  User searches for the not incurred expense/income

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is unable to
search the expense/income which have not been entered by the user

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 30: Check if the User is able to select the Transfer
button on the top right of the Home Page]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select the
    transfer icon on the top right of the screen

-   **Priority:** High, this functionality is navigating to the main
    Transfer page

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Transfer icon on the top

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to
navigate to the transfer page as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 31: Check if the User is able to do the Transfer from
one payment mode to another]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to transfer the
    amount from one payment mode to another

-   **Priority:** High, this functionality is main aspect of the
    transfer module which is required for adding a transfer

-   **Data:** Transfer Amount (1000)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Transfer icon on the top

3)  User enters the amount to transfer

4)  User selects cash/card in From section to different mode in To
    section

5)  User clicks on Add Transfer to see the changes on the Balance Page

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to view
the transfer amount as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 32: Check if the User is able to do the Transfer from
one payment mode to another (Negative -- Same Mode)]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to transfer the
    amount from one payment mode to same mode again

-   **Priority:** High, this functionality is main aspect of the
    transfer module which is required for adding a transfer which should
    not add amount if the modes are same

-   **Data:** Transfer Amount (1000)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Transfer icon on the top

3)  User enters the amount to transfer

4)  User selects cash/card in From section to same mode in To section

5)  User clicks on Add Transfer to sees the error to select the
    different transfer mode in one of the section

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is unable to add
the transfer amount when the transfer modes are same

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 33: Check if the User is able to cancel the Transfer
from one payment mode to another after addition]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to transfer the
    amount from one payment mode to same mode again and can cancel it
    after addition

-   **Priority:** High, this functionality is important if the user
    added the incorrect data in the transfer amount initially and wants
    to change it

-   **Data:** Transfer Amount (1000)

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Transfer icon on the top

3)  User enters the amount to transfer

4)  User selects cash/card in From section to different mode in To
    section

5)  User clicks on Add Transfer to sees the error to select the
    different transfer mode in one of the section

6)  User clicks on the cancel button on the notification after addition
    of the transfer amount

7)  User checks if the amount gets corrected after cancellation

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to cancel
the amount added for transfer after addition

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 34: Check if the User is able to add a transfer amount
without/with a Note]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to add transfer
    amount from one payment mode to different mode with/without note
    addition

-   **Priority:** Low, note is not essential part of the functionality
    of the application and depends on the choice of the user

-   **Data:** Transfer Amount (1000), Note 1: Empty Case, Note 2:
    "Sample"

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Transfer icon on the top

3)  User enters the amount to transfer

4)  User selects cash/card in From section to different mode in To
    section

5)  User clicks on Add Transfer to see if the transfer is added without
    a note and in another case, a note is added to see the working

-   **Findings:**

User is able to navigate to the Home Page section and is able to add
transfer amount with/without a specific note

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 35: Check if the User is able to select the Three dots
on the top right for navigation]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select three dots
    on top right

-   **Priority:** High, The dots shows different options to navigate for
    details which if does not work, would impact all the options

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select the three dots as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 36: Check if the User is able to see different options
for selection on selection of three dots]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to see different
    options of navigation using three dots on top right

-   **Priority:** High, The dots shows different options to navigate for
    details which if does not work, would impact all the options

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to check all the
    different options to select.

-   **Findings:**

User is able to see different options to choose as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 37: Check if the User is able to select categories
option via three dots navigation]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to see category
    option of navigation using three dots on top right

-   **Priority:** High, The Category option shows different options to
    navigate for selection which if does not work, would impact entering
    of data

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    categories option

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select categories options to choose as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 38: Check if the User is able to select Accounts option
via three dots navigation]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to see accounts
    option of navigation using three dots on top right

-   **Priority:** High, The Account option shows different options to
    navigate for selection which if does not work, would impact entering
    of data

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    accounts option

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select accounts options to choose as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 39: Check if the User is able to select Settings option
via three dots navigation]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to see settings
    option of navigation using three dots on top right

-   **Priority:** High, The settings option shows different options to
    navigate for selection which if does not work, would impact entering
    of data

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    settings option

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select settings options to choose as expected

**[Test Charter 40: Check if the User is able to select Currencies
without Net Connection option via three dots navigation]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select Currencies
    option without internet using three dots on top right

-   **Priority:** High, the currencies option shows different options to
    navigate for selection which if does not work, would impact entering
    of data

-   **Data:** Internet Connectivity - Broken

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Currencies option

-   **Findings:**

User is unable to select Currencies options because of no internet
connection as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 41: Check if the User is able to select Currencies with
Net Connection option via three dots navigation]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 1 minute

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select Currencies
    option with internet using three dots on top right

-   **Priority:** High, the currencies option shows different options to
    navigate for selection which if does not work, would impact entering
    of data

-   **Data:** Internet Connectivity - Activated

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Currencies option

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select Currencies options with internet connection as
expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 42: Check if the User is able to select Currencies with
Net Connection option and reaches to Offer Screen]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select Currencies
    option with internet using three dots on top right and reaches the
    offer screen

-   **Priority:** High, the currencies option to offer screen is related
    to payment option which makes the aspect of application crucial

-   **Data:** Internet Connectivity - Activated

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Currencies option and reaches the offer screen

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select Currencies options with internet connection and
reaches the Claim Offer screen as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 43: Check if the User is able to Edit Category on click
of Categories Option -- No Internet Connectivity Scenario]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to edit Categories
    without internet connectivity

-   **Priority:** Medium, No internet connectivity is test for network
    connection as user is not required to edit categories without net

-   **Data:** Internet Connectivity - Deactivated

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Categories option and reaches edit screen

3)  User click on any category to edit

-   **Findings:**

User is unable to edit the Categories when no network connectivity
exists

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 44: Check if the User is able to Edit Category on click
of Categories Option -- Internet Connectivity Scenario]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to edit Categories
    with internet connectivity

-   **Priority:** High, Internet connectivity is test for network
    connection as user is required to edit categories with net to reach
    payment screen

-   **Data:** Internet Connectivity - Activated

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Categories option and reaches edit screen

3)  User click on any category to edit

-   **Findings:**

User is able to reach to the Claim offer screen when clicked on edit the
Categories when network connectivity exists as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 45: Check if the User is able to Delete a category with
Surety message]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to delete Categories
    with a pop up displayed

-   **Priority:** High, Deletion of a category would impact the
    application functionality changing the tracking record

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Categories option and reaches edit screen

3)  User click on any category to delete clicking the Bin button on top
    and sees a message to select deletion

-   **Findings:**

User is able to delete category as expected with pop message to confirm
deletion

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 46: Check if the User is able to Merge a category with
Another]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user

-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to merge Categories

-   **Priority:** High, Merging of categories would impact the
    application functionality changing the tracking record

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Categories option and reaches edit screen

3)  User click on any category to merge clicking the three dots button
    on top and sees a category to select for merge

-   **Findings:**

User is able to merge categories as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 47: Check if the User is able to Edit Cash
Account]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to edit cash account

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for cash transactions

-   **Data:** Initial Account Balance: 6666.00, Initial Balance Date:
    Automatic, Included in-the balance: Yes/No

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select Cash
    Account option and reaches edit screen

3)  User enters the data to save in the cash account with appropriate
    mode selection

-   **Findings:**

User is able to edit cash account as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 48: Check if the User is able to Delete Cash
Account]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to delete cash
    account

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for cash transactions

-   **Data:** Initial Account Balance: 6666.00, Initial Balance Date:
    Automatic, Included in-the balance: Yes/No

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select Cash
    Account option and reaches edit screen

3)  User enters the data to save in the cash account with appropriate
    mode selection

4)  User clicks on Bin button to delete

-   **Findings:**

User is able to delete cash account as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 49: Check if the User is able to Edit Payment Card
Account]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to edit payment card
    account

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for card transactions

-   **Data:** Initial Account Balance: 6666.00, Initial Balance Date:
    Automatic, Included in-the balance: Yes/No

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select card
    Account option and reaches edit screen

3)  User enters the data to save in the cash account with appropriate
    mode selection

-   **Findings:**

User is able to edit card account as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 50: Check if the User is able to Delete Payment Card
Account]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 3 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to delete card
    account

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for card transactions

-   **Data:** Initial Account Balance: 6666.00, Initial Balance Date:
    Automatic, Included in-the balance: Yes/No

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select card
    Account option and reaches edit screen

3)  User enters the data to save in the cash account with appropriate
    mode selection

4)  User clicks on Bin button to delete

-   **Findings:**

User is able to delete card account as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 51: Check if the User is able to Select and update
Balance field Budget Mode in Settings]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select and edit
    budget field in Settings

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for Balance amount
    budget

-   **Data:** Budget: Initial: 0.00, Updated: 1000.00

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Settings option and selects Budget field

3)  User enters the budget in the budget field

4)  User clicks on OK after entering budget

-   **Findings:**

User is able to edit budget as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 52: Check if the User is able to deselect and update
Balance field Budget Mode in Settings]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select and edit
    budget field in Settings

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for Balance amount
    budget

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Settings option and selects Budget field

3)  User deselects the budget field

-   **Findings:**

User is able to deselect budget field as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 53: Check if the User is able to select Carry Over field
in Settings]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select carry over
    field in Settings

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for balance

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Settings option and selects carry over field

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select carry over field as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 53: Check if the User is able to deselect Carry Over
field in Settings]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to deselect carry
    over field in Settings

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for balance

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Settings option and deselects carry over field

-   **Findings:**

User is able to deselect carry over field as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 54: Check if the User is able to select Future recurring
records field in Settings]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to select future
    recurring record field in Settings

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for balance

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Settings option and selects future recurring record field

-   **Findings:**

User is able to select future recurring record field as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass

**[Test Charter 55: Check if the User is able to deselect Future
recurring records field in Settings]**

-   **Actor:** Normal user



```
-   **Time Box:** 2 minutes

-   **Purpose:** To check that if the user is able to deselect future
    recurring record field in Settings

-   **Priority:** High, This is the main functionality aspect of the
    application and is required to track properly for balance

-   **Data:** NA

-   **Steps:**

1)  User navigates to home page after launching the application.

2)  User clicks on the Three dots icon on the top right to select
    Settings option and deselects future recurring record field

-   **Findings:**

User is able to deselect future recurring record field as expected

-   **Bugs:** None

-   **Results (Pass/Fail):** Pass




| CHARTER            	| VERIFICATION OF ALL HOMEPAGE   FEATURES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     	|
|--------------------	|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| PRIORITY           	| 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	|
| TESTER NAME        	| NISHANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	|
| DURATION           	| 30 MINUTES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	|
| TEST FINDINGS      	| 1. Application installation is   smooth and after it is launched, it shows the Claim offer page which is not   user friendly to begin with an application on first instance.<br>     2. The icons for expenses and income categories are well formed but icons   for income do not display on the homepage for reference<br>     3. The expenses show as green colour when selected on long press on the   homepage which should not be the case with an expense, it should be shown as   red either.<br>     4. The percentage visibility is as expected on the homepage with constant   design.<br>     5. The navigation of the balance field where the data gets stored on basis   of expense/income is not user friendly on navigation with no clarity on icon   usage. 	|
| ENHANCEMENT/DEFECT 	| 1. Search button the top for   finding purpose does not disappear on the click of anywhere around the screen   after selection.<br>     2. Search results not stored as a added feature where, is a user returns   again should be able to see the search in the past on basis of   suggestions.<br>     3. The user friendliness of homepage should be enhanced to understand the   basic usage of the application.<br>     4. No Graphical representation which could show clear aspects of tracking   except percentages.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 	|

| CHARTER            	| VERIFICATION OF ALL ACCOUNT  FEATURES FROM LEFT SIDE                                                                                                                                                                                                               	|
|--------------------	|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| PRIORITY           	| 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	|
| TESTER NAME        	| NISHANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      	|
| DURATION           	| 20 MINUTES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   	|
| TEST FINDINGS      	| 1. All Accounts is the default   selection on the left-hand side pane.<br>     2. The selection of account in form of added methods can be done by   selection of All Accounts.<br>     3. The interval selection can be done for all the transactions done. 	|
| ENHANCEMENT/DEFECT 	| 1. Start and End date selection   for the interval is not clear where Edit button is to be clicked for adding a   Date, instead calendar icon should be popped up on clicking a date or auto   filled on clicking a date.                                    	|


| CHARTER            	| VERIFICATION OF ALL CATEGORIES   FEATURES FROM RIGHT SIDE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            	|
|--------------------	|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| PRIORITY           	| 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    	|
| TESTER NAME        	| NISHANT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              	|
| DURATION           	| 20 MINUTES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	|
| TEST FINDINGS      	| 1. PRO version is needed for   category selection. At least some should be allowed. <br>     2. Cannot add any new category.<br>     3. Category name can be changes and verified as well.<br>     4. Characters are unlimited in Category naming, even numbers are   allowed.<br>     5. Can delete a category as per the expectation. <br>     6. Able to merge categories together as expected.                                                                            7. It is not clear what does enable depict at the top for a user,   though it can clarify category but hard to depict. 	|
| ENHANCEMENT/DEFECT 	| 1. Categories which are   requiring the PRO version should either be greyed out or displayed   differently for the user enhancement and friendliness.<br>     2. No clarity of margining and enabling a category seems to be existing in   the section                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               	|
